docs: small wording fix for 03-linking-and-navigating.mdx (#60089)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/03-linking-and-navigating.mdx

The`<Link>`'s prefetching behavior is different for static and dynamic routes:

- [**Static Routes**](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#static-rendering-default): `prefetch` defaults to `true`. The entire route is prefetched and cached.

> - [**Dynamic Routes**](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#dynamic-rendering): `prefetch` default to automatic. Only the shared layout gets downloaded until the first `loading.js` file is prefetched and cached for `30s`. This reduces the cost of fetching an entire dynamic route, and it means you can show an [instant loading state](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/loading-ui-and-streaming#instant-loading-states) for better visual feedback to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Dynamic Routes**](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#dynamic-rendering): `prefetch` default to automatic. Only the shared layout, down the rendered "tree" of components until the first `loading.js` file, is prefetched and cached for `30s`. This reduces the cost of fetching an entire dynamic route, and it means you can show an [instant loading state](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/loading-ui-and-streaming#instant-loading-states) for better visual feedback to users.
```
